[#22224][docs] Update yugabyted reference page docs. (#22225)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/reference/configuration/yugabyted.md

: When authentication is enabled, the default user is `yugabyte` in YSQL, and `cassandra` in YCQL. When a cluster is started,`yugabyted` outputs a message `Credentials File is stored at <credentials_file_path.txt>` with the credentials file location.
: For examples creating secure local multi-node, multi-zone, and multi-region clusters, refer to [Examples](#examples).

--read_replica *read_replica_node*
: Use this flag to start a read replica node.

--backup_daemon *backup-daemon-process*

> : Enable or disable backup daemon with yugabyted start. Default value is False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enable or disable the backup daemon with yugabyted start. Default : `false`
```

--enable_pg_parity_tech_preview *PostgreSQL-compatibilty*

> : Enable PostgreSQL compatibility features. Default value is False.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Enable PostgreSQL compatibility features. Default: `false`
```

- [data_placement](#data-placement)
- [encrypt_at_rest](#encrypt-at-rest)
- [point_in_time_recovery](#point-in-time-recovery)

> - [admin_operations](#admin-operations)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [admin_operation](#admin-operation)
```

--log_dir *log-directory*
: : The log directory for the yugabyted server.

#### point_in_time_recovery

Use the `yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery` subcommand to configure a snapshot schedule for a specific database.

Examples:

- Enable point-in-time recovery for a database:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery --enable --retention <retention_period> --database <database_name>
```

- Disable point-in-time recovery for a database:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery --disable --database <database_name> 
```

- Display point-in-time schedules configured on the cluster:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery --status 
```

#### admin_operation

Use the `yugabyted admin_operation` command to run a yb-admin command on the YugabyteDB cluster.

> For example, Get the YugabyteDB universe config:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, get the YugabyteDB universe configuration:
```

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure admin_operation --command 'get_universe_config'
```

#### Flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--data_dir *data-directory*
: The data directory for the yugabyted server.

--command *yb-admin-command*

> : Specify the ybxx-admin command to be executed on the YugabyteDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Specify the yb-admin command to be executed on the YugabyteDB cluster.
```

--master_addresses *master-addresses*

> : Specify the comma seperated values of current masters of the YugabyteDB cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Comma-separated list of current masters of the YugabyteDB cluster.
```

-----

### configure_read_replica

> Use the `yugabyted configure_read_replica` command to configure, modify or delete a read replica cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `yugabyted configure_read_replica` command to configure, modify, or delete a read replica cluster.
```

#### Syntax

```text
Usage: yugabyted configure_read_replica [command] [flags]
```

#### Commands

The following subcommands are available for the `yugabyted configure_read_replica` command:

- [new](#new)
- [modify](#modify)
- [delete](#delete)

#### new

Use the subcommand `yugabyted configure_read_replica new` to configure a new read replica cluster.

> For example, to create a new read replica cluster execute the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, to create a new read replica cluster, execute the following command:
```

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure_read_replica new --rf=1 --data_placement_constraint=cloud1.region1.zone1

```

#### flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--rf *read-replica-replication-factor*

> : Replication factor for the read replica clsuter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Replication factor for the read replica cluster.
```

--data_placement_constraint *read-replica-constraint-value*
: Data placement constraint value for the read replica cluster. This is an optional flag. The flag takes comma-separated values in the format cloud.region.zone.

#### modify

Use the subcommand `yugabyted configure_read_replica modify` to modify an exisitng read replica cluster.

> For example, modify a read replica cluster with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, modify a read replica cluster using the following commands.
```

> - Modify the replication factor the existing read replica cluster:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Modify the replication factor of the existing read replica cluster:
```

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure_read_replica modify --rf=2

```

- Modify the replication factor and also specify the replication constraint:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure_read_replica modify --rf=2 --data_placement_constraint=cloud1.region1.zone1,cloud2.region2.zone2

```

#### flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--rf *read-replica-replication-factor*

> : Replication factor for the read replica clsuter.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Replication factor for the read replica cluster.
```

--data_placement_constraint *read-replica-constraint-value*
: Data placement constraint value for the read replica cluster. This is an optional flag. The flag takes comma-separated values in the format cloud.region.zone.

#### delete

Use the subcommand `yugabyted configure_read_replica delete` to delete an existing read replica cluster.

> For example, delete a read replica cluster with the following command:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For example, delete a read replica cluster using the following command:
```

```sh
./bin/yugabyted configure_read_replica delete

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

--log_dir *log-directory*
: The log directory for the yugabyted server to connect to or destroy.

### backup

> Use the `yugabyted backup` command to take backup of a YugabyteDB database into a network file storage directory or into public cloud object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `yugabyted backup` command to take a backup of a YugabyteDB database into a network file storage directory or public cloud object storage.
```

> Note that the yugabyted node should be started with `--backup_daemon=true` for initializing the backup/restore agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the yugabyted node must be started with `--backup_daemon=true` to initialize the backup/restore agent.
```

#### Syntax

```text
Usage: yugabyted backup [flags]
```

Examples:

- Take a backup into AWS S3 bucket:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted backup --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=s3://[bucket_name]
```

- Take a backup into Network file storage:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted backup --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=/nfs-dir
```

- Determine the status of a backup task:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted backup --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=s3://[bucket_name] --status
```

#### flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--cloud_storage_uri *cloud_storage_location*
: Cloud location to store the backup data files.

--database *database*
: YSQL Database to be backed up to cloud storage.

--keyspace *keyspace*
: YCQL Keyspace to be backed up to cloud storage.

> --status *backup-status*

Reviewer: Are you saying status takes in a status value?

> --status *backup-status*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--status
```

: Check the status of the backup task.

### restore

> Use the `yugabyted restore` command to restore a database in the YugabyteDB cluster from a network file storage directory or from a public cloud object storage.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `yugabyted restore` command to restore a database in the YugabyteDB cluster from a network file storage directory or from public cloud object storage.
```

> Note that the yugabyted node should be started with `--backup_daemon=true` for initializing the backup/restore agent.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that the yugabyted node must be started with `--backup_daemon=true` to initialize the backup/restore agent.
```

#### Syntax

```text
Usage: yugabyted restore [flags]
```

Examples:

- Restore a database from AWS S3 bucket:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted restore --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=s3://[bucket_name]
```

> - Restore a database from a Network file storage directory:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Restore a database from a network file storage directory:
```

```sh
./bin/yugabyted restore --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=/nfs-dir
```

- Restore the database to a point in time in history:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted restore --database yugabyte --recover_to_point_in_time '2024-01-29 9:30:00 PM'
```

> Note: For restoring to a point in time, pitr schedule has to be enabled on the database using `yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: To be able to restore to a point in time, PITR scheduling has to be enabled on the database using `yugabyted configure point_in_time_recovery`.
```

- Determine the status of a restore task:

```sh
./bin/yugabyted restore --database=yb-demo-northwind --cloud_storage_uri=s3://[bucket_name] --status
```

#### flags

-h | --help
: Print the command-line help and exit.

--base_dir *base-directory*
: The base directory for the yugabyted server.

--cloud_storage_uri *cloud_storage_location*
: Cloud location to store the backup data files.

--database *database*
: YSQL Database to be backed up to cloud storage.

--keyspace *keyspace*
: YCQL Keyspace to be backed up to cloud storage.

--recover_to_point_in_time *pitr*

> : Restore to the specified point-in-time with timestamp enclosed within single quotes.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
: Restore to the specified point-in-time with timestamp enclosed in single quotes.
```

> --status *restore-status*

Reviewer: ```suggestion
--status
```

: Check the status of the backup task.

### finalize_upgrade

> Use the `yugabyted finalize_upgrade` command to finalize and upgrade the ysql catalog to the new version and complete the upgrade process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use the `yugabyted finalize_upgrade` command to finalize and upgrade the YSQL catalog to the new version and complete the upgrade process.
```
